# Echocraft 1.0.0 – official release
Official release of Echocraft: an addon that adds tools, weapons and items from the Deep Dark.

## Blocks
### Echo Table
A custom smithing table made with 4 planks and 2 echo shards. Used to make echo tools.

## Items
### Echo upgrade
Can be found in ancient cities, used to make Echo Tools. Can be dupped in a crafting table with 7 diamonds and a sculk block.

### Echo Sword
Obtained by upgrading a Netherite sword with an echo upgrade and an echo shard in the echo table. Deals 9 attack damage, doesn't lose durability when breaking blocks, and strikes entities with lightning when pressing the "use" button. Has a 5-second cooldown.

### Echo Axe
Obtained by upgrading a Netherite axe with an echo upgrade and an echo shard in the echo table. Deals 8 attack damage, doesn't lose durability when breaking blocks, and gives weakness to hit entities.

### Echo Pickaxe
Obtained by upgrading a Netherite pickaxe with an echo upgrade and an echo shard in the echo table. Doesn't lose durability when breaking blocks, gives night vision for 30 seconds when holding it.

### Echo Shovel
Obtained by upgrading a Netherite shovel with an echo upgrade and an echo shard in the echo table. It doesn't lose durability when breaking blocks, when mining soul sand or soul soil, has 5% chance to drop Soul Dust (unless silk touch is used)

### Echo Hoe
Obtained by upgrading a Netherite hoe with an echo upgrade and an echo shard in the echo table.  Doesn't lose durability when breaking blocks. When used to mine sculk vein, it will drop broken souls (unless silk touch is used)

### broken Souls
Used to repair echo tools and craft Shakrams.

### Soul Dust
Used to make the Potion of Ghost step.

### Potion of Ghost Step
Made by adding nether wart and Soul Dust to a water bottle in a brewing stand. Gives regeneration, invisibility and speed V for 15 seconds.

### Bottle of Souls
Obtained by pressing the "use" button on a sculk shrieker (does NOT trigger it). Used to charge the Warden Heart.

### Warden Heart
Obtained by killing a Warden (100% drop rate). When worn as a chestplate, give 1 armour protection and can shoot a sonic boom. To shoot a sonic boom, the player needs to charge the heart by drinking a bottle of souls, then crouch to release it. The damage ignore armor. The Warden heart has 150 durability points, cannot be enchanted or repaired.

## Notes
Since the only UI available for custom tables is the crafting table IU the game treats the upgrade from netherite to echo as a craft, and not a smithing recipe. Because of that, item data such as durability, name, and enchantments is not kept.
