# EchoCraft 1.2.0 – The Reinforcement Update
The current Echo tools were not enough? Here's more! And not only tools and weapons, but also new blocks and features! Explore the depth of the world to discover what The Reinforcement Update has to offer.

## Technical Changes
- Vibrant visual is now compatible with Echocraft!
- Added 3 languages: British English, French and Canadian French.

## Gameplay Changes
### Echo Pickaxe
- Added Deepslate tiles and stonecutter to the list of minable blocks.
- Changed the mining speed for the obsidian, crying obsidian and ancient debris from 13 to 15.

### Warden Heart
- A player animation now plays when shooting a sonic boom.

## New Items
### Splash potion of ghost step
- Crafted by brewing gunpowder into a potion of ghost step.
- Grants invisibility, regeneration and speed V for 15 seconds.

### Echo Spear
- Obtained by upgrading a netherite spear in an Echo table.
- Jab attack deals 6 attack damage.
- The Jab attack has a life steal ability, meaning that the attacking entity will gain the same amount of health that the hit entity lost.

### Echo Shield
- Crafted with a shield surrounded by 4 echo shards.
- As of right now, it is impossible to block damage with a custom shield as the vanilla one does. To counter that, shifting with the Echo Shield in the offhand will grant resistance 5.
- The Echo Shield is unbreakable.
- Knocks back entities.
- Create a shockwave around the player.

## Textures
- Changed the Warden Heart armour's texture and model.
- Changed the Bottle of Souls' texture.

## New blocks

### Soulstone
- A new stone variant similar to tuff.
- Can be found below Y=0 in deepdark biomes.
- Include stairs and slab.

### Polished Soulstone
- Crafted with 4 Soulstones in a crafting table or using a stonecutter.
- Include stairs and slab.

### Soulstone Bricks
- Crafted with 4 Polished Soulstones in a crafting table or using a stonecutter.
- Include stairs and slab.

### Cracked Soulstone Bricks
- Obtained by smelting Soulstone Bricks in a furnace.

### Chiselled Soulstone
- Obtained using Soulstone in a stonecutter.
- !¡ꖎᒷᔑᓭᒷ ⍑ᒷꖎ!¡ ⚍ᓭ. ↸𝙹リ'ℸ ̣ 𝙹!¡ᒷリ ℸ ̣⍑ᒷ !¡𝙹∷ℸ ̣ᔑꖎ

## Notes
When shooting the sonic boom, the animation looks perfect in 3rd person, but looks really weird in first person, and I'll try to fix this in future updates.

I am also aware that the stairs don't connect.

This will be the last major update for a while. Most of my ideas are impossible to do because of Mojang's restrictions. I will still make small updates to fix and optimize the code, fix bugs, adjust for Minecraft updates and small additions.
